So this is a really common question.
What combers and Shopify why you have to choose commerce of Shopify.
So first with combers one of the advantages of using commerce is that you don't have bare transaction
fees.
Once you start with commerce and you start selling products the only fee you have to pay is for example
to Pay-Pal or pay you or the stripe.
The platform that you decide to use to process the payments in newcomer's there are no monthly plans.
So the progun is free you can instead of Wordpress and then instead with commerce everything is going
to be free in combers not percentage their transaction.
The number one item in this list and a did one may is see like the same but a Shopify charges you better
transaction and also charges you better percentage better transaction.
And this is something really important.
Commerce's stock cost around twenty ten to twenty thousand dollars so that's a lot of money.
So let's see the shop if I basic plan.
The basic plan goes to twenty nine dollars per month.
It doesn't really matter if you are selling or not.
You have to pay twenty nine dollars per month.
They also charge two point nine percent their transaction.
This means that if you're selling at 100 dollars or look you have to pay 2.9 percent of that $100.
So you have to pay to Shopify two point nine dollars for this transaction and also have to pay additionally
30 cents for that transaction.
So let's say that you are selling three $300 items in a month.
That means you have to pay that twenty nine dollars.
So you have to pay eight point seven dollars but you have to pay these three times because you made
three transactions and that's so you have to pay 30 cents.
Three times because you made three transactions so you're Shopify beer goes from $29 to sixty six dollars
in a month.
Anger says around nine dollars in advance glance of Shopify you have to pay two hundred ninety nine
dollars per month.
Again selling or not you have to pay this every month.
In Shopify the percentage Bertran section only says maladie in this plan.
So you got to pay 2.4 percent.
And so you have to continue paying in the sense Burton action.
So let's say that you said one candidate $25 items in a month that means you have to pay two hundred
ninety nine dollars for the month.
And also you have to pay the percentage which in this case is 60 cents.
But you have to pay 60 cents 100 times and so you need to pay the sense 100 times.
At this point your sales are of twenty five hundred dollars and you shall be Fabyan is it three hundred
eighty nine dollars.
So this is almost 50 percent of your cells.
So that's a lot of money.
You're too candid.
Ninety nine dollars plan goes from 299 to defend it every night at the end of the month.
So another example again that transplant two hundred ninety nine dollars per month two point four percent
poultry section in that sense birther's action.
So let's say that in this month you Captain Dowson transactions and you're selling $25 products.
This means that in a month you have to pay well.
The two hundred ninety nine dollars you have to pay these are the ones that are 60 cents.
Now you have to pay these ten thousand times.
So this means you have to pay $6000 in fees for the percentage transaction.
And so that 30 sense you have to pay these 10000 times.
So basically your assets are of $250000 in your shop if I can see is higher than $9000 or so that's
a lot of money.
And this $9000 is really close or pretty close to the cost or the commerce Web site.
So this is something really important.
There should be fees.
It's something that you have to show to your client and you can use these fees to combines your client
to hire you and the rest of the break.
Well commerce is a better option if your client needs a Noank than platform.